Update persona-creation chapter with minor update (#1258)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/project-design/persona-creation.md

We have then collected a list of contributions our personas can make in _The Turing Way_ and how they are acknowledged (see {ref}`Contribution types and pathways <ch-persona-contributions>`).

We welcome you to add your personas in this chapter to provide more examples from different projects.

> *Contribute to this chapter by testing the process described here in creating persona for your project.

Author: ```suggestion
*You are welcome to contribute to this chapter by testing the process described here to create persona for your project.
```
